# Module6_ChallengeUNCC FinTech Boot Camp Module 6 Challenge Homework## Required Libraries/Packages ##pandas hvplot.pandasfrom pathlib import Path## Questions and Answers ## Question: What is the lowest gross rent reported for the years included in the DataFrame?	Answer: # The lowest gross rent in the dataframe is 1239 in 2010.Question: Did any year experience a drop in the average sale price per square foot compared to the previous year?	Answer: # There was a slight drop in price per square foot in 2011 when compared to 2010.Question: If so, did the gross rent increase or decrease during that year?	Answer: # The gross rent continued to increase during 2011.Question: For the Anza Vista neighborhood, is the average sale price per square foot for 2016 more or less than the price that’s listed for 2012?	Answer: # The average sale price per square foot in 2016 is less than the price listed for 2012.Question: Which neighborhood has the highest gross rent, and which has the highest sale price per square foot?	Answer: # Westwood Park has the highest gross rent. Miraloma park has the highest sale price per square foot.**Question:**  How does the trend in rental income growth compare to the trend in sales prices? Does this same trend hold true for all the neighborhoods across San Francisco?	**Answer:** # Gross Rent has steadily increased in every neighborhood through the years while price per square foot is a little more volatile. There seem to be higher prices per square foot near the water. The highest price per square foot, as well as the highest rents, tend to be on the Southern side of the city. **Question:** What insights can you share with your company about the potential one-click, buy-and-rent strategy that they're pursuing? Do neighborhoods exist that you would suggest for investment, and why?	**Answer:** # I would my company that now is the time to invest if they are going to. The prices per square foot are down from previous years, and the gross rent has increased. I would recommend they look for neighborhoods where the average number of housing units is increasing while the price per square foot is decreasing. These are likely neighborhoods where there is an increasing supply that has outpaced demand. However, as the areas are developed more and new business move into the area, demand will increase, driving up prices and rent. South Beach and Forest Knolls would be good places to invest in. These are areas where the price per square foot is lowest. If and when these areas develop, because in a city like San Fransico, it is only a matter of time, they stand to earn the greatest return on their investment as opposed to buying property in an already developed and thriving neighborhood. ## Contributors ##Giselle TarabolettiUNCC FinTech Boot Camp## License ##MIT LicenseCopyright (c) [2021] [Giselle Taraboletti]Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in allcopies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THESOFTWARE.